






Activate your Commercial Banking Online account
 












If you’re new to Commercial Banking Online you will need to activate your access.  Please select your role below and  follow the steps to get started.
As part of activation, you'll be asked to create a password.
























I am a user



If you're a new user, you'll need to activate your account. Once you've done this, your administrator will need to complete the activation. Then you'll be ready to use Commercial Banking Online.
Make sure you have your activation code ready. We emailed this to you when we set up your account. You'll also need your username, which your administrator created for you, and your security card, card reader and PIN. 











Follow these steps if you are a user
                                Follow these steps if you are a user expandable section










Step 1
Go to the Commercial Banking Online login screen and enter your username. In the password field, enter your activation code. Select Continue.
Step 2
Create and confirm your password. by selecting Create Password:

Be 8-32 characters long.
Include at least 2 uppercase letters (A-Z), 3 lowercase letters and 1 digit (0-9).


Not include spaces or these special characters ( # < = > [ / ] ^ ` { | } ~ ).
Not include your name or any of your login details.

Tips for creating a strong password.

Don't use a password you use for anything else.
Don't repeat characters consecutively.
Don't use common words or names that can be easily guessed.
Don't include details that can be gathered from social media or networking sites.

Step 3
Create and confirm your telephony PIN. Your PIN must:

be 6 digits long.


not include the same digit more than twice.
not contain a number sequence of 3 or more digits, going up or down. For example, you can't include '123', '963' or '048’.

Select Create telephony PIN. Your administrator now has to complete the activation before you can log in. They will be in touch with you.
Your activation code is valid for 30 days. If it's expired, contact your administrator who can reset it for you. You'll receive your new activation code by email.





































I am an administrator



If you're a new administrator, you'll need to activate your account before you can use Commercial Banking Online. Follow the steps below.
Make sure you have your client ID and your activation code ready. We sent these to you in separate emails when we set up your administrator account. 











Follow theses steps if you are an administrator
                                Follow theses steps if you are an administrator expandable section










Step 1
Go to the Commercial Banking Online welcome screen and enter the email address you registered with us.
Next enter your 8-digit client ID and your 8-character activation code. You'll have received these by email. Click Next.
Step 2
Enter a username, which you'll use to log in to Commercial Banking Online. You won't be able to change this in future.
Create and confirm your password. Your password must:

Be 8-32 characters long.
Include at least 2 uppercase letters (A-Z), 3 lowercase letters and 1 digit (0-9).


Not include character spaces or these special characters ( # < = > [ / ] ^ ` { | } ~ ).
Not include your name or any of your login details.

Tips for creating a strong password.

Don't use a password you use for anything else.
Don't repeat characters consecutively.
Don't use common words or names that can be easily guessed.
Don't include details that can be gathered from social media or networking sites.

Click Create username and password.
Step 3
Enter and confirm your telephony PIN. Your PIN must:

be 6 digits long.


not include the same digit more than twice
not contain a number sequence of 3 or more digits, going up or down. For example, you can't include '123', '963' or '048’.

Click Create telephony PIN.
Step 4
To finish activating your account, call the helpdesk to confirm you have completed these steps yourself. You'll see the helpdesk number on screen. Once we've spoken to you, we'll activate your account.
Next time you log in, you'll need your security card, card reader and PIN.
Your activation code is valid for 30 days.  If it has expired, call the helpdesk on

 0808 202 1390 who can reset it for you.  You’ll receive your new activation code by email.






























Still need help?
                                Still need help? expandable section










Call us on 0808 202 1390
Lines are open 8am to 6pm Monday to Friday.
Please have your Telephony PIN with you when you call so we can identity you.
























Was this helpful?
  







Yes




No














No



https://www.lloydsbank.com/business/help-and-support/online-banking/activate-cbo.html