
 
 
 
 
 
 
 My Commercial Banking Online access has been suspended 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If your access has been suspended, find out how to get reactivated. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I am a user 
 
 
 
 If you’ve tried to log in and seen a message saying your access has been suspended, you’ll need to speak to your administrator.  They can check why this has happened and take actions to reactivate you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I am an administrator 
 
 
 
 If you’ve tried to log in and seen message saying your access has been suspended, you’ll need to call the Commercial Banking Online Helpdesk on  0808 202 1390  to get reactivated. 
 How to reactivate a suspended user 
 You can reactivate a user's account if it has the status 'Suspended'. You'll need your security card and card reader to hand. 
 
 Log in to  Commercial Banking Online . 
 Click 'Administration'. This will take you to the administration homepage. Find the user you want to reactivate. To see more details about the account, click on the user row. 
 Click the arrow next to the user in the 'Actions' column and select 'Reactivate user’. 
 Click 'Reactivate user' to confirm the action. 
 Next we'll do a quick security check. You'll need your security card and card reader. Follow the steps on screen to complete the process. 
 The request will now be ready for approval.  Once approved the user will be able to access Commercial Banking Online straight away. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Still need help?
                                 Still need help? expandable section 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By phone 
 
 
 
 Call us on  0808 202 1390 . 
 Lines are open 8am to 6pm Monday to Friday. 
 Please have your Telephony PIN with you when you call so we can identity you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Was this helpful? 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Yes 
 
 
 
 
 No 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 No 
 


https://www.lloydsbank.com/business/help-and-support/online-banking/cbo-account-suspended.html?WT.ac=Lloyds-help_and_support-online_banking-button_text-my_commercial_banking_online_access_is_suspended