






My Online for Business card reader isn’t working
 


There are two reasons why your card reader might not be working.


Your card reader is locked.
The batteries need replacing.


If you have a 'Battery Low' warning message on the card reader display the batteries will need replacing.

This can be done easily. You’ll need 4 x LR44 1.5v batteries and a small screwdriver. Remove the screw at the back of the reader and replace the batteries. Your card reader will then be ready to use.
























Need to use the card reader right now?



Any other UK bank card reader should work with your card in the same way. The card reader holds no personal information about you, so if a colleague has one you should be able to use theirs. As long as you have your unique card and PIN, you will still be able to generate passcodes
You can order an additional card reader for Online for Business. There may be a charge for this.
Find out more about your card reader(PDF).




























Online



How to unlock your card reader

Go to the Online for Business logon page
Select ‘Having trouble with your card reader?’ link
Follow the steps and make a note of the reference number provided
Call the Online for Business Helpdesk on 0345 300 0116. Once you’ve been verified the Helpdesk will unlock your card reader.





























By Branch



You can unlock your card reader at any branch. You'll be taken through some security questions so that we can verify your identity.
Find a branch
















Frequently asked questions
 







Why is my new authentication card not working?
                                 expandable section










You may need to complete some extra steps before you can use your new Authentication card.































Still need help?
                                 expandable section






















By Phone



If you’re still having problems, please call the Internet Banking Helpdesk on 0345 300 0116.
Lines are open 7am to 10pm Mon - Fri and 8am - 6pm Sat and Sun.




























Was this helpful?
 







Yes




No














No



https://www.lloydsbank.com/business/help-and-support/online-banking/ob-card-reader-not-working.html?WT.ac=lloyds-bb-help_support-category-gotprob-text-O4B_card_reader_isnt_working