https://www.lloydsbank.com/business/help-and-support/account-management/transaction-not-recognised.html?WT.ac=lloyds-help_support-acctmgmt-category-statements-text-i-don%E2%80%99t-recognise-a-transaction


Find out more about a transaction







If you don’t recognise a transaction there could be a few reasons.
Here’s a few things to help you.



















Find more information in Online for Business



To see more detail about the transaction:

Log on to Online for Business
Select ‘view statement’ on the account the transaction is from
Click or tap on the transaction.
You’ll see details including date, time, name and location of the business.

If the transaction is showing in ‘view pending transactions’, the name of the business may be different from the actual name that will show on your full statement.




























Find more information in Commercial Banking Online



There are many ways to find transaction information in Commercial Banking Online.
One way is through the Bank Account Summary. To get there select ‘Bank Account Summary’ from the Manage Payments menu.
To see more information select ‘View details’ in the ‘Additional information’ column.
For more help, look for help icon at the top of the page when you’re logged on.





















Check the name of the business or retailer



Sometimes the name of the business may be different to what they’re commonly known as.
We’ve put together a list of common business or retailer names.



Check names




















Check the type of transaction



The codes on your statement will help you understand what type of payment it was.
Common transaction types are:

BP is a Bill Payment
DEB is a debit card payment
DD is a Direct Debit
FPO is a Faster Payment Outbound.




All payment codes




















Check if it’s a subscription



Sometimes a subscription fee may be charged even if you weren’t expecting it.
In many cases subscriptions are set up on your debit or credit card. You will have given a company permission to take a regular payment from your card.
To cancel a subscription it’s best to speak to the business you set it up with first. 





















Still need help?
                                 expandable section










To get you to the right place, we just need to check a few details.
Other ways to get in touch
























Was this helpful?







Yes




No



















No


