






View your bank statements
Here are ways you can access statements for your business accounts.






















If you use Online for Business, you’re now able to go paper-free and access your documents online. Find out more about going paper-free.
We’re working to introduce this in Commercial Banking Online soon. 
 




























Online



I’m registered for Online for Business
You can view your statements online. These can be printed or downloaded (exported). 

Log onto Online for Business.
Select View statement next to the account you want.
‘More actions' will direct you to further services.
Search your statement history by selecting ‘Search your statement’.
View your transaction history under ‘All transactions’.

 
I’m registered for Commercial Banking Online
You can view, print and export account information in Commercial Banking Online.
You'll find step-by-step help in the Help Centre. To get there, select Help at the top of any page in Commercial Banking Online.
















Get more out of your statements in Online for Business
There's more you can do with your statements in Online for Business. Select an option below to learn more.












Search or rearrange your statements 
                                 expandable section










If you’re looking for a specific transaction – for example, a purchase or a bill payment – you can search your history by ‘Search your statement’. You can search by date, description or the type of transaction over a three-month period.
 












Change the order of your transactions: to see your latest transactions at the top or bottom of your statement, just select the green triangle next to the Date field. This will flip the order of your statement.











View your statements by calendar month
                                 expandable section










Your improved Online for Business statement has quick links to recent months, so it’s even easier to find your way around when you’re looking for recent transactions.
You’ll find these links at the top of the transaction list, just below the search bar.
 





















View more detail about a transaction
                                 expandable section










You can find out more about a specific transaction by clicking on the transaction description. It will expand to show further details.
 





















Print or order a paper statement
                                 expandable section










Find out how to print or order a paper copy of your statement.



















Frequently asked questions

















Can I export my transactions in CSV or QIF?
                                Can I export my transactions in CSV or QIF? expandable section










To export your transactions to CSV or QIF:

Log on to Online for Business.
Select View statement next to your account.
Go to Statement options and Export transactions (CSV, QIF).

























Was this helpful?







Yes




No














No



https://www.lloydsbank.com/business/help-and-support/account-management/view-your-bank-statements.html?WT.ac=lloyds-bb-help_support-category-stmtbalnce-text-view_your_bank_statement